Here is some general non-technical advise when working on the code base, which is applicable for any software developer at any company. When writing code you should take the following points into account:

# Documentation (!= Comments)
## Why?
Code base documentation is very important when writing code, because:
* It makes it easier for other software developers to review your pull requests, since they only have to check if the code corresponds with the specification (documentation) and check if the specification is suitable. Without documentation reviewers have to figure out the specification themselves which takes more time to review the pull request.
* It makes it easier to find bugs in the code, since you just have to compare the documentation with the implementation. If the documentation does not match the implementation then the implementation is supposed to be wrong. Without documentation you have no clue whether something in the code has been implemented intentionally or unintentionally.
* It stimulates re-usage, without documentation other software developers have problems figuring out which functionality is provided by which methods, what preconditions are required and which post-conditions have been satisfied.
* It makes it easier to adhere to the other points: Design, Testing, Consistency, Code cloning/Dead code. For example without documentation it is not even possible to test your code, because you have no specification which you compare the implementation against.
* Your code could stay in the RoboTeam repositories for more than 5 years, when you are long gone from the RoboTeam. The software developers in that team however should understand your code. And every year that passes knowledge about the code base is lost which is kept by proper documentation.

## How?
Keep in mind that documentation is different than comments. Comments are placed between code lines in the source file, whereas documentation is placed in the header file before function and class definitions. Good code should be self-explanatory which means that it often does not need any comments, when properly split into smaller functions that have been well-documented. And when writing comments, it should mostly be used to answer the why questions rather than the what questions, i.e. comments should focus on why does this part of code works, why don't I have to check certain situations, etc. rather than what the code actually does. Documentation on the other hand can be used to explain what the code does, but should also be used to explain why this code works. Documentation should give an answer to the most important questions regarding the code which can include answers on questions like:
* What does the code compute? What is the meaning of the output? What are the postconditions on the output? What is the meaning of the input arguments? Which preconditions hold on the input arguments? Which requirements should be satisfied before using the code? Etc.
* Is there some known bug/strange behavior in the code which hasn't been solved yet? How does the code respond in case of an exception? What happens when preconditions/requirements have been violated? Etc.
* What is the meaning of abbreviations used inside the code? Is there a website which explains (partially) the meaning of the code? From which source has this code been copied? Etc.
* In case of class documentation: Who has written/maintained this code? At which date has this code been written?
* Less important, but could be included as well: Why does this code work? Why is this code efficient? Why did you choose this type of design? What other solutions have you tried out for this code? What major decisions have been made regarding this code? 
